README.md, before:

# How to implement the actual image transformation
THIS: https://www.tensorflow.org/tutorials/generative/deepdream
OR THIS: https://hackernoon.com/deep-dream-with-tensorflow-a-practical-guide-to-build-your-first-deep-dream-experience-f91df601f479

# How to combine terraform and SAM
https://dev.to/rolfstreefkerk/how-to-setup-a-serverless-application-with-aws-sam-and-terraform-33m9

# Cognito

### Creating cognito user pool
https://serverless-stack.com/chapters/create-a-cognito-user-pool.html

### Create a user
First, we will use AWS CLI to sign up a user with their email and password.

```shell
aws cognito-idp sign-up \
  --region eu-north-1 \
  --client-id h060l9kpjb2vkpsblo0b097d5 \
  --username admin@example.com \
  --password Passw0rd!
```

Now, the user is created in Cognito User Pool. However, before the user can authenticate with the User Pool, the account needs to be verified. Let’s quickly verify the user using an administrator command.

```shell
aws cognito-idp admin-confirm-sign-up \
  --region eu-north-1 \
  --user-pool-id eu-north-1_sIbi8xvI8 \
  --username admin@example.com
```

### Create a Cognito Identity Pool
https://serverless-stack.com/chapters/create-a-cognito-identity-pool.html


## Ideas
- We don't need serverless. Use SAM with Terraform
  - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-getting-started-hello-world.html
- Käytä cloudfront:ia ui:n jakeluun.
- Nykyään lambdan voi deployata myös docker imagena. Workerit voisivat ollakkin siis vain lambda workereita fargate sijaan
  -  https://acloudguru.com/blog/engineering/packaging-aws-lambda-functions-as-container-images
  - Toteuta vain ne apit joiden pitää syystä tai toisesta olla toteutettu docker:illa dokcerilla, koska Zip deploy on yksinkertaisempi prosessi kuin docker deploy



# Localstack
https://reflectoring.io/aws-localstack/
https://github.com/thombergs/code-examples/tree/master/aws/localstack
https://spin.atomicobject.com/2020/02/03/localstack-terraform-circleci/
https://betterprogramming.pub/dont-be-intimidated-learn-how-to-run-aws-on-your-local-machine-with-localstack-2f3448462254
https://dev.to/goodidea/how-to-fake-aws-locally-with-localstack-27me

## For typescript see these
- https://github.com/typescript-cheatsheets/react
- https://github.com/labs42io/clean-code-typescript


## Some ideas for sqs producer-consumer
- https://github.com/serverless/examples/tree/master/aws-python-sqs-worker


## How to package python files as modules
- https://medium.com/@nate_mitchell/serverless-packaging-user-defined-python-modules-41808776eae0


# TODO
- Change terraform state to global state
- Change the name of the  project to Deepdreams
- (maybe) combine POST, GET, etc for one API route (e.g files/) to one lambda


# Not be done using batch because start up can be too slow

# Could make sense to change the image processing service to run in aws ecs fargate.
- Then the rest of the lambdas could use python runtime without containers  

# How to do a s3 image gallery 
- https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v2/developer-guide/s3-example-photos-view.html

# MUST DO workshops
- https://github.com/dabit3/amplify-photo-sharing-workshop
- https://step-functions-workshop.go-aws.com/

# Generally the workshops are great:
- https://workshops.aws/

# Graphql api authorization:
https://docs.amazonaws.cn/en_us/appsync/latest/devguide/tutorial-dynamodb-resolvers.htm
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/appsync/latest/devguide/resolver-mapping-template-reference-dynamodb.html#aws-appsync-resolver-mapping-template-reference-dynamodb-query


## LONG TERM TODO: Add different video / image editing algorithms and rename the project for video-cloud or something 

# TODO STYLING:
- When page works technically read through the refactroing-ui book and do style refactor to the app

Commit message:

Add graphql also to lambda so that the subscribe is working.

README.md, after:

# How to implement the actual image transformation
THIS: https://www.tensorflow.org/tutorials/generative/deepdream
OR THIS: https://hackernoon.com/deep-dream-with-tensorflow-a-practical-guide-to-build-your-first-deep-dream-experience-f91df601f479

# How to combine terraform and SAM
https://dev.to/rolfstreefkerk/how-to-setup-a-serverless-application-with-aws-sam-and-terraform-33m9


## Ideas
- We don't need serverless. Use SAM with Terraform
  - https://medium.com/geekculture/complete-end-to-end-guide-for-developing-dockerized-lambda-in-typescript-terraform-and-sam-cli-ecdea1c6e72c
  - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-getting-started-hello-world.html
- Käytä cloudfront:ia ui:n jakeluun.
- Nykyään lambdan voi deployata myös docker imagena. Workerit voisivat ollakkin siis vain lambda workereita fargate sijaan
  -  https://acloudguru.com/blog/engineering/packaging-aws-lambda-functions-as-container-images
  - Toteuta vain ne apit joiden pitää syystä tai toisesta olla toteutettu docker:illa dokcerilla, koska Zip deploy on yksinkertaisempi prosessi kuin docker deploy


# Localstack
https://reflectoring.io/aws-localstack/
https://github.com/thombergs/code-examples/tree/master/aws/localstack
https://spin.atomicobject.com/2020/02/03/localstack-terraform-circleci/
https://betterprogramming.pub/dont-be-intimidated-learn-how-to-run-aws-on-your-local-machine-with-localstack-2f3448462254
https://dev.to/goodidea/how-to-fake-aws-locally-with-localstack-27me

## For typescript see these
- https://github.com/typescript-cheatsheets/react
- https://github.com/labs42io/clean-code-typescript


## Some ideas for sqs producer-consumer
- https://github.com/serverless/examples/tree/master/aws-python-sqs-worker


## How to package python files as modules
- https://medium.com/@nate_mitchell/serverless-packaging-user-defined-python-modules-41808776eae0


# TODO
- Change terraform state to global state
- Change the name of the  project to Deepdreams
- (maybe) combine POST, GET, etc for one API route (e.g files/) to one lambda


# Not be done using batch because start up can be too slow

# Could make sense to change the image processing service to run in aws ecs fargate.
- Then the rest of the lambdas could use python runtime without containers  

# How to do a s3 image gallery 
- https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v2/developer-guide/s3-example-photos-view.html

# MUST DO workshops
- https://github.com/dabit3/amplify-photo-sharing-workshop
- https://step-functions-workshop.go-aws.com/

# Generally the workshops are great:
- https://workshops.aws/

# Graphql api authorization:
https://docs.amazonaws.cn/en_us/appsync/latest/devguide/tutorial-dynamodb-resolvers.htm
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/appsync/latest/devguide/resolver-mapping-template-reference-dynamodb.html#aws-appsync-resolver-mapping-template-reference-dynamodb-query


## LONG TERM TODO: Add different video / image editing algorithms and rename the project for video-cloud or something 

# TODO STYLING:
- When page works technically read through the refactroing-ui book and do style refactor to the app


# TODO
UI:
  - Draw design in Figma
  - Add isResult field to File
  - Add possibility to change multiple different kind of jobs to run
BACKEND:
- Deep dream image algorithm
  - one lambda per image
- Deep dream video algorithm
  - Start job that will split the video to images
  - orchestrate the images to be going through the Deep dream image algorithm
  - combine the transformed images to video
